# varsity
Varsity is the ultimate delivery and transportation app designed for campus life. It provides students with a convenient way to order food, groceries, and other items from local shops and have them delivered right to their doorsteps. The app also serves as a platform for local businesses to reach more customers and grow their businesses. Additionally, VarsityGo offers a reliable and convenient mode of transportation through its Varsity Bodaboda service. With VarsityGo, students can easily access essential services and enhance their overall campus experience.

Goals
Develop an app that allows students to easily and securely order food, groceries, and other items from local shops and have them delivered to their doorsteps.
Provide a platform for local businesses to reach more customers and grow their businesses.
Improve transportation services on campus through the Varsity Bodaboda service.
Enhance the overall student experience on campus by providing easy access to essential services.

Objectives
Develop a user-friendly web application with intuitive navigation and responsive design optimized for both Android and iOS devices.
Implement a secure and scalable back-end system capable of handling a large number of requests and integrating with other systems and platforms.
Ensure accessibility for users with disabilities, including features like screen readers and keyboard navigation.
Develop a marketing strategy to promote the app to students and local businesses and grow the user base over time.
Conduct regular testing and auditing to identify and address security vulnerabilities, performance issues, and usability problems.

Features
Easy and secure ordering of food, groceries, and other items from local shops.
Delivery services to students' doorsteps.
Platform for local businesses to showcase their products and reach more customers.
Varsity Bodaboda service for reliable and convenient transportation on campus.
User-friendly interface with intuitive navigation.
Responsive design for optimal usage on mobile devices.
Accessibility features for users with disabilities.
Secure authentication and data encryption.
Integration with payment gateways, social media platforms, and third-party APIs.

Contributing
We welcome contributions from the community. If you'd like to contribute to the VarsityGo project, please follow these steps:

Fork the repository.

Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix: git checkout -b my-feature
Make your changes and commit them: git commit -m "Add new feature"
Push to the branch: git push origin my-feature
Submit a pull request with a detailed description of your changes.

Collaborators
Mercy Achieng'  
Amakalu Vitalis
